Unclear markcommand ug (#234)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W11-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

The format of the input date is in: `YYYY-MM-DD`.

> * If no date input is provided, current week is taken as default.
> * If only one date input is provided, the shift added is to the next date that the shift is at. For instance,
>   if the shift is on a 1/10/2021, a monday, with `da/2021-10-27` as input, the shift will be added to 1/10/2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If no date input is provided, the next occurrence of that shift is assumed.
* If only one date input is provided, the next occurrence of that shift, after the provided date is unmarked. For instance,
  if the shift is on Monday 1/11/2021, with `da/2021-10-27` as the date input, the shift on 1/10/2021 would be unmarked.
```
